Mom Yunting suddenly came to find us
Is there something wrong?
I don't know.
No, my business was found out, right?
Xiao Gu, what's the matter with you?
It's about our collaboration
It's a personal matter.
Lee
Yi Ning's body is the same as Xu Jiao's
Have cloud birthmarks
Strangely enough
He was suddenly kidnapped a few days ago
Forced to use sulfuric acid
Back to birthmark
There is such a thing
And Xu Dong
Yi Ningke is also from Sunshine Orphanage
What do you mean?
My suggestion is to get a DNA test
Will not
Hello, Mom.
I just happened to hear from my colleague that
Jiang Indonesia also has an imprint on his body
It's very reassuring.
Just take this opportunity
Prove that I am your biological daughter
Jiaojiao, you don't think too much, do you?
All right
OK
I'll take my leave then
What? Dong Xu is my mother
It's impossible.
You should think about it for the baby.
Go get a DNA test
Do you want to ask the baby in the future?
Why does everyone else have grandparents and I don't?
How do we explain this?
Well, I can't take it away either.
Babies have the rights of grandparents
It's all up to you
Mr. Gu's two DNA reports have just come out
Please check it out.